# Dataset and Preprocessing

The first dataset used in this data story is the dataset US Accidents (2016-2023), found on Kaggle. This dataset contains all traffic accidents in America from Febuary 2016 to March 2023. These datapoints are all collected with the help of multiple API's that record traffic accidents and reports them. These API's send out various traffic details which are captured by various entities, such as US and state departments of transportation, law enforcement agencies, traffic cameras, and traffic sensors within the road networks. This dataset contains 7728394 records and 46 different variables. It contains variables on where the accidents took place, when they took place, if any infrastructure was nearby and the severity of the accident. <br>
For this data story only the USA will be researched, so for this dataset we removed all states and cities that were not in the USA. As for the variables, all variables that were not used such as ID, Source, Timezone and so on. To find overlap between the this database and the database mentioned in the next paragraph, only the years 2016 and 2017 were used as these are the overlapping years between the databases.

The second dataset used in this data story is Historical Hourly Weather Data 2012-2017, also found on Kaggle. It contains the data of the weather in various US states as well as some canadian and israeli cities. The records are measured by the hour and records variables such as temparature, humidity, air pressure and wind speed. There are roughly 45300 records in the database.
The only country that will be researched is the US, so all the records of the other countries have been removed from the database. The variables of the database are all in a different csv file which made it more difficult to find correlation between the databases. To overcome this obstacle all the csv files were melted and filtered on year, after the filtering the database was merged to one csv file. 