# Conclusion
After taking a look at these charts, one may conclude that the weather does not have a particularly great impact on the amount of accidents on the road. Contrastingly, the first chart, ‘Accidents per month’ shows a basic visualization of when accidents are most prevalent, one might notice that these amounts are highest during summer and winter, two seasons where heavy weather is the most outspoken. The next chart, ‘Effect of Freezing’, supports this view by showing that freezing temperatures, most common in winter, have a minor impact on the amount of accidents per day.

The weatherscore map may initially give the impression that places with a higher weather score boast more accidents. However, looking at individual states and changing times, and therefore weather score, shows that varying weather scores in a single state do not correlate well with the amount of accidents in that state. The impact of weather on severity also does not show great correlation between weather and severity of accidents, which also proves the point that weather does not have a great impact on accidents.

The last two charts bring to light that other factors, such as infrastructure and personal error can contribute to accidents just as much, if not more than the weather. The last plot clearly shows that there is little to no correlation between weather score and violations. All in all, these plots show the weather is not a disproportionately large factor in the case of motor vehicle accidents, and there are many more variables at play.

Due to the amount of factors and variables that can have an effect on drivers and cars on the road, these graphs do not concretely conclude that the weather has no great impact on vehicles, as the weather can indirectly influence other variables which might result in accidents. Furthermore, the dataset on accidents contains some amount of bias. For example, the dataset has significantly less records in certain states and time periods than in others. There is a possibility these times and states simply have less accidents, however, the large differences and jumps lead one to believe this is the result of selectiveness while gathering the data.

Further research might take a look at how the weather could impact driving behavior and frequency, and could include more robust datasets to avoid bias and come to a more solid conclusion.

# Reflection
When receiving feedback for an unfinished earlier version of this notebook, two points of feedback were received. Both these points relate to two graphs that are no longer present in the final version of this data story. The feedback made us realize the flaws in the methods of visualization for the data they presented, so it was decided to remove these plots and transform them into ‘Effect of Freezing’ and ‘Accidents per day’.

For self-reflection, we believe that we might have had more freedom in creating plots if we had taken more time looking for datasets and subjects, as the datasets we chose were fairly constricting in how they were able to be visualized. As a result some of the plots in the data story are relatively unbalanced in terms of perspective they support, and in argumentative strength.
